Oh my god, Nancy fainted after mile eight and Ricky was still running, but he was gonna die.
I even took Nancy to the hospital, just to freak her out even more, and she's still agreeing
to do the twang.
Oh god, this feels good.
Oh god, was I too cruel?
No, no.
Are you kidding me?
If it was me, I'd probably be worse.
Oh god.
Oh, honestly, if it wasn't for you, this one had happened.
Oh, by the way, the day after tomorrow, my school's tennis team is having a match with
your schools.
I was just wondering if you're participating.
Ricky always wins and I just need someone to beat his ass.
Oh, do you want me to participate?
Oh, of course I did.
Okay, all right, then I'll participate.
Isn't she Shannon?
Yeah, that's her.
She looks decent, but she has a 40-year-old sugar daddy and is trying to do million Ricky
tracks.
So vicious.
A tumor like her should be kicked out of school.
Shannon, you're here.
Did you come to cheer for Ricky?
I have zero interest in cheering for him.